# 20220219
I've neglected this project for a few days. I have been relentlessly tired in the evenings. This can be attributed to young kids, bad diet, sedentary lifestyle, and the increasing demands of my day job.

Nevertheless, having just finished reading the NYT article: https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/15/magazine/anti-ambition-age.html, I find my mind wandering back to fiction and idealization. The article explores the outcome of hustle-culture, pandemic, nihilism, among other social challenges and my interpretation is two-fold:

1. Since so many people are exiting due to burn-out, etc. For those people who are still willing to hustle and go the extra mile will face less confrontation and be able to ascend corporate ladders faster. But this view feels a little dirty, like scabs in our society-union-strike. However, the capitalist in me says that if these people can opt-out and find other opportunities without starvation, then kudos for them and they'll re-enter the workforce after some R&R.

2. Technical advance and automation should make humanity better as a whole, not just for those in charge. I believe that software and AI are making a considerable impact in the workplace, yet ordinary working class people haven't been able to reap the benefits of these throughput multipliers. Instead C-suite is seeing record profits while wages have stagnated.
- To combat this imbalance, I am particularly in favor of the 4 day work week as a kick-back to the every-day employee.
- Alternatively, wage rates should lift 25% across the board to account for this increase in production efficiency.
- An anecdote I recently encountered, even in a high-tech field such as Machine Learning, is a $10K per year software that would have required the equivalence of a $100K ML engineer to accomplish in a single year. This $90k savings can be allocated to: company profit margin, new revenue dollars through sales/retention from the outcome of the effort, or hiring of another employee at a lesser rate ($70k) to manage the system ($20k of margin still).

How does this translate to the fictional world to be invented? Some ideas are as follows:
- No more employees - everyone is a business of one (contractor)
    - This allows for more transparency in cost tradeoffs (e.g. ai vs human)
- Everyone contributes to tasks which make them feel fulfilled
    - People follow their "passion"
    - Vote tokens are also money for the politically motivated
- Funds are accumulating whenever they're working, like an energy meter.
- All purchases can be accumulated over different durations (payment terms of 24 hours, 48 hours, 7 days, 1 month, 1 year, etc)
- Human rights, converted to:
    - the unalienable right to vote
    - achieve a human hive mind style cooperation while still maintaining individuality
    - Can sell their body (sex appendages and organs)
