# 20220202

Continued to research blockchain, crypto, and most recently NFTs. Today's research came from the position of the sceptic and the critic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ_xWvX1n9g&t=1s.

This lengthy, but informative video explained historic backgrounds, underlying technical application, and most importantly, cryptos shortcomings.

## Meta discussion
What's really fascinating about this current effort to write a book is whether the entire crypto space is actually a pyramid scheme is immaterial to the success of the research, ideation, and execution since it's all hypothetical and fantastical. Unlike when ideating and considering business viability (as I like to do in my spare time), I don't have to worry about the gamble of getting the 1,3,5,10 year horizon for change exactly right. The outcomes are: I envision the future and it's right or it's wrong. In the former case, the book's lifespan might be extended and heralded as prophetic and the latter, just a thought piece, or even better, retrospective satire that maybe or maybe didn't take itself seriously.
- <b>This reminds me that I want to bake in puzzles to this book.</b>
    -   If this endeavour takes off - consider this a turning point <b>^^</b>
- Question: How can I associate an NFT of each sold book copy (digital and print) to customize specific instances so as to enforce individual/local puzzle solving. Uniqueness of a book copy can make for meaningful experiences custom/walled to the individual book owner.

Once a copy of the book is purchased, the purchaser can follow registration instructions for accessing their nft which allows them to perform book-related side quests. This enhance/augment the overall story will create a more integrated audience. Their nft will also allow them to join certain forums/"metaverses" for living out the ideal described in the book.
- I love the idea of omnichannel experiences: book, e-book (with varying content), graphic novel, online augmentation, puzzle/encryption based, supporting mobile app, physical augmentation (geocaching and loot boxes).
- Registration to any events can be restricted and guarded in forum.

### Meta meta discussion
What if the story is actually about someone writing this universe into action and the consequences of that writing. This can guarantee the augmented spaces described above by writing them into existence. This would create another abstraction layer making this experience: me writing(w0) about writing a book (w1), about someone writing a book (w2) about someone living in a crypto world (w3) and perhaps they too have avatars in the metaverse (w4). This would be an inception style narrative - layers compounding on layers. Then what if one lower layer was able to make their way into a high-level abstraction through a technology leap. Such as the AI in w4/w5 actually belonging to the realm of w3 and allows our characters to traverse these up and down these worlds.
- This also reminds me of Divergent and how their entire struggle was engineered by another entity outside their known world.
