# 20220129
<b>Hello world</b>

Today I kicked off the book writing project and very characteristically, I have come nowhere close to writing a single word of the story.

There are some major things that need to happen well before I can start typing out a story. Here is a brain dump of the initial thoughts:

1. Research
    - Direct Democracy
        - How else is this accomplished without technology
        - How does this differ from representational democracy.
            - what other types of democracy are there?
        - What is a technocracy?
            - Can this be a direct technocracy?
    - Crypto/Web 3.0
        - Transparency and trust
        - Want trust among all participants
    - Application of Blockchain for voting
2. World Building
    - Circumstances of a direct democracy w/crypto
        - There are base system functions which are unalterable by legislation
            - This is because they are too foundational and would rock the foundation
                - Or it requires 99.9% - near unanimity
        - What were the first few laws encoded through the system
        - Has the technology needed to evolve since its inception? 
        - Who has the right to vote?
            - Adults vs Teens vs children
                - Accrue tokens since birth use them when they become capable of doing so
            - Immigrants?
            - Does everyone who can vote have equal representation?
        - Business/Commerce implications to a direct democracy system
            - Are non-government organizations also run the same way?

    - UX mechanisms and day to day participation of the society. Ideas:
        - Periodically distributed tokens usable to vote
        - Geo-location/domicile-based voting purview
            - Only vote on things within each person's scope:
                - Road segment
                - Hamlet
                - Town
                - County
                - School District
                - State
                - Domestic
                - International
        - Roll-over of voting tokens, saving them for important legislation
            - Use unlimited tokens to vote on certain legislation
        - Augmented reality which overlays the latest rules and regulations
            - Manages the complexity of an ever-changing environment
            - Polices the upholding of current law
                - What about breaking the law right as it's changing within the system (real-time update)
            -  Polices others as well?
            - Cannot operate in society without integrated AR
                - Disable system/person upon infraction
                - Punishment for breaking law?
                    - Prison
                        - where everyone is constantly petitioning for release
                            - petitions have a requisite number of signatures based on a percentage of applicable population impacted (geo-spacial voting purview)
        - Legislation is propagated via petitions
            - petitions are shared on a social-media style discussion forum
            - petitions which gain enough signatures (which cost equivalent vote tokens) require only majority rule, otherwise it's a 70% requirement to pass legislation
    - Trajectory of technology that took us from our current state to achieve future world
        - Sociopolitical implications
        - Socioeconomic implications
        - Profession/vocation implications
        - Global interaction with a direct democracy without a central leader

Going to continue to think through some ideas this weekend. My goal is to plot out an entire world and then play through a number of scenarios to see what the feedback mechanisms will yield and then tweak the rules to make it more "fair" on the surface. Conflict within this world will arise on hidden complexity, missed paradox or inconsistency, or an edge-case with unintended consequences of the system architect.

Thanks for reading.
-Ben