# 20220201

Day three and day four of this project has all been about familiarization of blockchain technology. This includes the origin paper from Satoshi Nakamoto regarding Bitcoin and Ryan Szabo regarding Smart Contracts.

Most interesting to me so far has been Ethereum. Up until now I had not really separated crypto currency from block chain, but seeing how Ethereum works, and it's universal application, my eyes are opening!

Looking to the future of this distributed trust network, my initial thought is with respect to commerce. What does a world look like when all transactions can happen between people and without a middle man or marketplace. Imagine Uber without the uber marketplace, just people trusting people to get them where they want to go. Facilitated with standard off-the-shelf contracts. Imagine ebay without the ebay platform facilitating the auction, winner, payment execution. Key concepts of note to consider later:
- Standard contracts for common transactions among people --> more balanced markets
- Standard contracts downloaded from a contract repository
- Contracts consist of formal language and an augmented interface which cuts through the legalese of the formal contract.
    - AI used for the development of the augmented interface
    - AI used for measuring an individual's contractual worthiness
    - AI used for selection of function activity on a marketplace

A different thought crossed my mind today too. What if people could qualify for expertise through examination, or some other process. Their collection of certain expertise may allow them to:
- Have weighted voting bias for areas by which they have validated their expertise
- Guarantee fairer terms and prioritized selection on the general marketplace for holding specific expertise
    - Harder expertise to gain could offer more lucrative contracts to those individuals
        - There are unfulfilled contracts for niche expertise combinations on a contract marketplace (term: bounties?)
        - People decide what expertise to acquire based on market demand and prediction algorithms.
            - All information is freely accessible on web (think libgen but for everything useful to increase production/utility)
- Everyone is an individual contractor, there are no longer "employees". Instead workers sell their expertise and companies buy their expertise in exchange for agreed upon medium of exchange (hours, project, deliverable, etc.)
    - Distributed transaction on a blockchain for rate/wage could also be validated via a smart-contract as "fair".
    - Reduced wage theft
    - Increased pressure to always be delivering a good
    - Is there any bother for the notion of a business, separate from that of a person, since everyone is an independent contractor.
        - A business is like a brand extension of its owner, like artists/musicians are. This would be a world where a business is intrinsically linked with the person that the business obfuscates.

Many ideas to consider. More to come.

